Meeting 1: Thursday 17th
Met group and made some decisions. We elected peter to be the scrum master
Decided to do the project film finder in python and flask.
We got to work on the user stories and managed to get a fair amount of them done.

For now we plan to meet tomorrow (Friday 18th) after we have brushed up on our flask
TO DO: get the last of the user stories done and decide the steps forward

Meeting 2: Friday 18th
Today we met up again. We finished the initial draft of the user stories and did some refreshing on flaks and python.
We also made some progress on what was not planned for today,
coming up with the website boilerplate for the api, db and front end
as well as downloading the initial data for the database and making a rudimentary database
We had some initial trouble with jira but managed to get past it in the end.

TO DO: Still to be done are the novelty user stories, cleaning the database and the storyboards which will
hopefully be done over the next week.

Meeting 3: Tuesday 22nd
I started the proposal and managed to get the background section done.
Peter has generated the database file as well as some basic functions to access it.
Kevin has been cleaning the database to remove unnecessary information and format it for easier and faster querying.
Steven wrote up the novelty aspects on Jira
Michael wrote the acceptance criteria for the user stories on Jira
We split up the remainder of the proposal, hoping to get most of it done before the next meeting on thursday.

Meeting 4: Thursday 24/09/2020
Met group and continued proposal work. I types up all user stories into tables and put them in place.
The flow diagrams and story board are yet to be added but they have almost been completed.
Our sprints have been decided on but have yet to be given dates or put into jira
Still to do: sprint overview, overall formatting and making it look more professional

Meeting 5: Tuesday 29/09/2020
Met up to confirm completed sections of the proposal and to split final sections yet to be completed.
Spoke of first sprint and started to consider how to complete it.
Overall feel like we are on target and will have proposal compete by sunday.

Meeting 6: Thursday 1/10/2020
Met up in scheduled lab. Had some clarification given about story boards.
Worked primarily on proposal as it is due in a few days.
Feel like we will be on schedule and have it done on time.
Preparing to ramp up for Sprint 1 starting next week

Meeting 7: Thursday 8/10/2020
Things going well, Proposal was submitted on time and completed and the first sprint has started.
Tasks have been divided into front end and back end to allow us to work on the entire project.
I will be working on the react/javascript front end with Peter and am feeling pretty good about it.
I havent worked with React before but it doesnt seem super complicated and I think i can get the hang of it.

Meeting 8: Thursday 15/10/2020
Just finished our progress demonstration and retrospective. I think it went well.
No serious bugs were shown in the demonstration and the minor ones that were shown have been noted and will be fixed.
Though we didn't finish all of the user stories in the sprint, this sprint was out largest and i feel it went very well.
I have been assigned to be the comment police: the person who will ensure proper code commenting is added and maintained on the code.
I shouldn't haveany problems with this, i ust need to add the comments to my sections of the code first.
Overall I have a good grasp on react and the front end coding that it uses and feel I have been "pulling my weight" 
and have done a fair share of the tasks.

Monday 26/10/2020
Ramping up for the second sprint is going well.
I have been placed on improving the profile page, pagination and wishlist content for the front end.
Its going well and I have completed the first 2 tasks, witht the third well underway.
Peter is also workig with me onn the front end, working on filering, reviews and the banned list.
I think we will have no problem complting the workload by the presentation on thursday.

Thursday 29/10/2020
My bad, in previous logs I had put down the wrong day fro the second demo, woops.
Anyway progress is great, only two user stories still remain to be completed for this sprint,
See no problems in copleteing this sprint for the presentation.
Still plan to do many bug fixe and cleanup in the code but otherwise this should be goood
Kevin will continue working on the back end moving into sprint 3, whilst the other backend people
will move to the front end for the final sprint to ensure we can squash the bugs and get everything running well

Thursday 5/11/2020
Had our second demonstration and retrospective today, it went well. Moving into the final sprint should be a problem.
I've been placed on the admin tasks. It has been a bit of a struggle to ind time due to other projects and work for my other
courses for both myself and the other members of the group but we still have plenty of tim and we should get it done without a problem.

Thursday 12/11/2020
So far, thuis sprint has gone well. About half of this sprint is done from the front end and almost all is done from the back end.
Moving forward we still have our noverly work for film partners and some minor fixing and tweaks to do.
Then the project report has to be generated. While it may be tight i think we should be able to get it done before the deadline.