Week 1

We had two group meetings where we decided on the film finder project and elected Peter as
the scrum master. We planned out user stories together and decided on what the system
architecture would include e.g. python flask, sqlite3, etc.

For next week, I planned on cleaning up the movies database that Peter had found online.

Week 2

We had another two group meetings discussing what had been done over the past week.
During the week, I wrote scripts to clean up the csv files Peter had provided to ensure the data
was all consistent and had appropriate formatting (e.g. removing random newlines and
irrelevant data / reformatting in lists). I also created a schema and a .db file with the organised
data files inside.

During the thursday meeting, I also worked on the sprint overview section of the proposal with
Steven by detailing which user stories we planned to complete in each sprint.

The main technical obstacles were finding a quick method of detecting inconsistent formatting in
the scripts, reformatting as well as running it on such a large file (would usually take > 10
minutes each time).

For next week, I plan on helping finish any missing details in the proposal as well as thinking of
possible alternatives to the database since the .db file is >100mb. Also, hopefully I would like to
get coding in the backend.


Week 3

We had another 2 meetings where we worked on the proposal together and completed it with ease before submitting.


Week 4

During this week, I mostly worked on the final touches on the movie db such as fixing the fields to have appropriate
data types. I also created the users db and worked on the backend functions such as searching for director, genre
keywords, etc. Towards the end, I also started on creating/editing movie reviews to finish off one of the user stories.
We had meetings on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday night to combine our code together and ensured the frontend 
connected with the backend smoothly. No issues this week.

Week 5


Week 6

During this week, I worked on an algorithm in SQL to determine the most similar movies for a given movie using 
common genre and keywords.

Week 7

During this week, I worked on improving the login logic to also include email verification. This has yet to be 
reflected on the frontend.



Week 8

During this week, we started sprint 3 and i created a new table in the database for admins. I started on 
some admin functionality such as removing and adding new movies to the database as well as tweaked the algorithm 
written in week 6 to give better similar movies.
